# Ground-truth-tool
# Field truth tool (2020-2021)
This project is taking place at the University of Rennes 1, ISTIC, in Master 1 MIAGE during the year 2020-2021.

## Context of the project
This project is inspired by the "Wikipedia Matrix" project launched last year by a group of M1 MIAGE (2019-2020). 

### What is the "GROUND TRUTH" project?
This project is a continuation of the Polyglot Wikipedia Matrix Extractor (2020-2021) which consists in creating a tool that will allow to visualize CSV files, to edit them and to compare the results related to ground truths.


# Objectives
## The objective of this project is to :
- in a first time, build a ground truth "by hand".
- use this field truth to compare the result of the 3 extractors, 
program a test case on a particular URL, and with the field truth
- and finally, develop the tool to help us specify other ground truths

## Tools to evaluate our extractors
Build a field truth "by hand" that faithfully responds to the selected URL, then, by testing with the same URL each extractor of our project, compare the CSV obtained with the field truth.

## Getting started 
Make the project easy to use by anyone with a complete and functional data set and clear documentation to launch it.

## Project functionality
Integrate the ground truths via the interface in order to compare them to the CSV files generated by the different extractors.
The software allows to have access to the different extractors via an interface.
The user interface allows you to enter a URL, select an extractor, view and edit the resulting CSVs so that they faithfully reflect the realities on the ground. 

## Project license
This project is licensed from MIT.

## Technologies used
- Git - The distributed version control system in use
- PyCharm IDEA - The IDE mainly used by our crew
- IntelliJ IDEA - The IDE used last year
- Scrapy - Python library to extract HTML 
- csv - Python library for writing in CSV
- UniTest - A Python library for uni testing
- JavaFx - Used to create the user interface to select the extractors and to realize the field truth.

## Authors
Clément Depond, Adèle Lecler, Théo Lévêque, Sadou Barry, Jean Zamble.



Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
